PR for Release 1.4 (#300)
nf-core/rnaseq: docs/usage.md

```

### `--star_index`, `--hisat2_index`, `--fasta`, `--gtf`, `--bed12`

If you prefer, you can specify the full path to your reference genome when you run the pipeline:

```bash
--star_index '[path to STAR index]' \
--hisat2_index '[path to HISAT2 index]' \
--fasta '[path to Fasta reference]' \
--gtf '[path to GTF file]' \
--gff '[path to GFF file]' \
--bed12 '[path to bed12 file]'
```

Note that only one of `--star_index` / `--hisat2_index` are needed depending on which aligner you are using (see below).

> The minimum requirements are a Fasta and GTF file. If these are provided and no others, then all other reference files will be automatically generated by the pipeline. If you specify a `--gff` file, it will be converted to GTF format automatically by the pipeline and whatever you supplied as GTF is overruled by that converted GFF.

Author: I already adjusted that in the fixing PR where I noticed exactly that 👍 Thanks for mentioning it!

### `--saveAlignedIntermediates`

As above, by default intermediate BAM files from the alignment will not be saved. The final BAM files created after the Picard MarkDuplicates step are always saved. Set to true to also copy out BAM files from STAR / HISAT2 and sorting steps.

### `--gencode`

If your `--gtf` file is in GENCODE format and you would like to run Salmon (`--pseudo_aligner salmon`) you will need to provide this parameter in order to build the Salmon index appropriately. The `params.fc_group_features_type=gene_type` will also be set as explained below.

[GENCODE](gencodegenes.org/) gene annotations are slightly different from ENSEMBL or iGenome annotations in two ways.

#### "Type" of gene

The `gene_biotype` field which is typically found in Ensembl GTF files contains a key word description regarding the type of gene e.g. `protein_coding`, `lincRNA`, `rRNA`. In GENCODE GTF files this field has been renamed to `gene_type`.

ENSEMBL version:

> ```bash

Reviewer: `bash`? 😆 - looks fine I guess!

### Custom resource requests

Wherever process-specific requirements are set in the pipeline, the default value can be changed by creating a custom config file. See the files hosted at [`nf-core/configs`](https://github.com/nf-core/configs/tree/master/conf) for examples.

If you are likely to be running `nf-core` pipelines regularly it may be a good idea to request that your custom config file is uploaded to the `nf-core/configs` git repository. Before you do this please can you test that the config file works with your pipeline of choice using the `-c` parameter (see definition below). You can then create a pull request to the `nf-core/configs` repository with the addition of your config file, associated documentation file (see examples in [`nf-core/configs/docs`](https://github.com/nf-core/configs/tree/master/docs)), and amending [`nfcore_custom.config`](https://github.com/nf-core/configs/blob/master/nfcore_custom.config) to include your custom profile.

> If you have any questions or issues please send us a message on [Slack](https://nf-core-invite.herokuapp.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or issues please send us a message on [Slack](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/rnaseq).
```

```

### `--star_index`, `--hisat2_index`, `--fasta`, `--gtf`, `--bed12`

If you prefer, you can specify the full path to your reference genome when you run the pipeline:

```bash
--star_index '/path/to/STAR/index' \

> --hisat2_index '/path/to/HISAT2/index' \

Author: Something for V1.5 :-)
